Mrs. Liu, Dr. Qi
Take your time.
And so forth.
What's up?
You don't think it tastes right?
Why isn't that right?
If you don't eat it, you say it's wrong.
Did you mean to target me?
I don't know you.
What are you doing? You don't know me.
Stop pretending
Doctor Qin, the money really doesn't blow, I lose my memory
Why didn't the car accident kill you?
Ok even if you don't know me
You always have to be serious when you speak
The last time I got a job, you blew it
Do you still want to screw up my work this time? Is this porridge wrong for my mom?
I'm a doctor.
Just smell it
This meal is all cooked in the kitchen
It doesn't matter to me.
I'm just in charge of drilling up
What's the problem, do you want to find the chef?
Manager, come here
manager
Ma'am, did something happen?
Put the surveillance of your restaurant
Don't turn on the broken surveillance for me.
If there is no problem, I will compensate you.
If there is a problem, this waiter is up to you.
Manager, don't listen to their nonsense.
They're just looking for trouble
Our military business has been here for so long
Nothing ever happens.
This is a matter of our personal level, you do as I say
Otherwise, as a novice in improvement, I am Mrs.
manager
Qin Shiyu, this bitch, is my nemesis